Few edits (#30)
stemangiola/bioc_2020_tidytranscriptomics: vignettes/tidytranscriptomics.Rmd

```

## Key Points
- RNA sequencing data can be represented and analysed in a 'tidy' way using tidybulk and the tidyverse
- With the modularity offered by piping we don't need to create variables, unless an object is used more than one. This improves robustness of the code.

> - The principles of tidy transcriptomics is to interface as much as possible commonly known manipulation and visualisation tools, rather than creating custom functions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The principles of tidy transcriptomics are to interface as much as possible with commonly known manipulation and visualisation tools, rather than creating custom functions. 
```

> - Some of the key steps in an RNA-Seq analysis are (i) filtering lowly abundant transcripts, (ii) compensating for sequencing depth, (iii) testing for differential expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some of the key steps in an RNA-Seq analysis are (i) filtering lowly abundant transcripts, (ii) adjusting for differences in sequencing depth and composition, (iii) testing for differential expression
```

> - Dimensionality reduction (PCA or MDS) plots is very important for exploring the data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dimensionality reduction (PCA or MDS) plots are very important for exploring the data 
```
